TOWA: Towa and Setsuna.
Between us half‐demon twins,
two different worlds
exist at the same time...
human and demon,
feudal era and present day,
peace and war,
joy and sorrow,
dreams and reality,
now and forever,
and finally, love and hate...
a Feudal Fairy Tale, Yashahime.
We'll keep moving forward,
overcoming
the hurdles of destiny!
[jet engine roars]
MR. KIRIN: Well, now,
if it isn't Mr. Higurashi!
Funny bumping into you here.
‐ Oh, hi. I'm sorry.
Have we met somewhere?
‐ I'm Osamu Kirin,
Miss Towa's homeroom teacher.
It's been a while.
‐ That's right.
You're Towa's teacher.
‐ Hi, Mr. Kirin.
It's very nice to meet you.
‐ Speaking of Miss Towa,
is she feeling better?
Since she transferred
at the start of the semester,
she's been absent.
‐ Yeah, thing is,
her neuralgia
has subsided a bit, thankfully,
but her rheumatism, well...
‐ Ah. I do hope
she gets well soon.
‐ MOE: I'm back!
‐ Hmm?
‐ Oh, I've missed
you two so much!
‐ Welcome home, sweetie.
‐ Welcome home, Mommy!
‐ Mr. Kirin!
What a nice surprise.
I hope Towa hasn't been causing
too much trouble for you.
‐ No, not at all.
‐ Mommy, did you
bring me a gift?
‐ Yes, of course.
I have it right here!
‐ Apples! Towa's favorite!
They look so yummy...
‐ It's gotten
quite a bit closer, hasn't it?
‐ Huh?
‐ The first in 500 years,
I think.
‐ Uh, what do you mean?
‐ Well, I haven't really
kept up with all the details,
but what I've heard
is there's a comet
that approaches the Earth
around every 470 years or so.
‐ Oh, yeah. I think
I remember hearing about it
on the news pretty recently.
But I don't think
it's supposed to be visible
to the naked eye just yet.
I'm not seeing anything.
‐ Interesting.
So a normal person
isn't even able
to see a trace of it.
KIRINMARU: I see.
So it does appear
in that other era as well.
Then I suppose
something must be done about it.
[Japanese music playing]
TOWA: "The Three Princesses
Strike Back."
[breeze blowing]
‐ [laughs]
Nothing will ever stop me
from being who I am.
That is what you wanted.
Right, My Lord?
Now then, all that's left
is to figure out what to do
about the other half‐demon girl.
Riku.
‐ Yes, madam?
‐ You already have
the information I seek.
Now tell me what I must do to
make the other half‐demon twin
manifest her true powers.
‐ Are you talking
about Lady Towa?
‐ Who else would I
possibly be talking about?
‐ Right. Well, Lady Towa is,
how should I say, someone
too kind for her own good.
‐ Very interesting.
So that's what it takes
for her to release her powers.
RIKU: So I highly doubt
she possesses
the destructive power
you're looking for.
‐ Really?
Well, I'll just have to take
your word for it, won't I?
‐ Yes. I'm sorry
I couldn't be of more use.
‐ Don't apologize. We both know
you've always been a bad liar.
Well, it's no matter.
I'll make some tea.
You should have some.
‐ [snoring]
JYUBEI: Hmm.
From the looks of it,
this is a Blood Blade.
SETSUNA: A Blood Blade?
‐ What does that even mean?
‐ If the two of you are indeed
the half‐demon daughters
of Sesshomaru,
that means you girls
have also inherited
your father's blood
as a great demon.
A wealth of power
flows through your veins,
granting abilities
like poison claws,
blades of blood,
or demon energy blades.
Some great demons can
even create powerful weapons.
Well, that's what
I hear, anyway.
‐ "That's what you hear"?
Doesn't sound like you're
too sure about this yourself.
‐ What do you expect?
I've never seen one with
my own eyes before, you know.
‐ So this blade is a part of me.
‐ Yeah, I guess so.
‐ How do I use it?
‐ Only your own blood
can answer that one.
[heart beats]
[Moroha yawns]
Now that was
a good night's rest.
‐ You're finally up.
‐ Hey, there. How you two doin'
this fine day?
And a good morning to you,
Mr. Jyubei.
Got any juicy
bounty hunting jobs for me?
‐ Maybe not juicy, but there
is one job that's open.
Some nice people have requested
to hire you specifically.
‐ Oh, yeah?
Where are these folks?
‐ We're right here.
‐ It's us two.
‐ Eh?
‐ We need your help.
You can have our share
of Totetsu's bounty,
every last bit of it.
‐ You two want to hire me?
What part of hell froze over
for this to happen?
TAKECHIYO: Hey!
We got what you wanted.
‐ Azusa no Yumihari,
like you asked.
What do you think?
Does it have her scent?
‐ [sniffs] It sure does.
I would recognize that woman's
demon stench anywhere.
‐ Now we'll know
exactly where to find her.
‐ Wait. "That woman"?
You mean we're gonna...
‐ That's right, Moroha.
Once dawn breaks,
we're going to slay Zero.
‐ Whoa.
‐ I'm going to make her regret
what she did to me.
She's going to pay big time.
[Hisui grunts]
‐ Alright, then! Let's go
take that old bag's head!
‐ It has been quite some time
since we last met,
Your Ladyship.
‐ Ah, Kirinmaru.
It has been too long.
Are you doing well?
‐ I'm fine, yes.
And it's wonderful to see
your Ladyship's beauty
only continues
to grow with time.
‐ There's no need for flattery.
And please, do stop
calling me by that title.
It stopped being appropriate
long ago.
‐ It would appear that my sister
has been giving you
some trouble.
‐ That Zero hasn't changed
one bit, has she?
She seems to be meddling
in the affairs
of Sesshomaru's
half‐demon daughters,
but I struggle
to understand why.
‐ I'm afraid there's no excuse.
‐ Well, she may continue
to do as she pleases.
What happens to those girls
is not my slightest concern.
Besides,
a half‐demon's true worth
must be proven
through survival.
‐ I am glad to hear that.
Since they have gone and
decided to make me their target,
I'm afraid I cannot go easy
on them when next we clash.
By the way...
has the Windmill of Time
moved at all?
‐ As far as I can tell, no.
And it's been several years
since I last laid eyes on Akuru.
‐ I had thought as much.
Your son is also searching
for Akuru's pinwheel,
but with no success.
‐ [chuckles]
Given what he
has gotten himself into,
I'd say it's a fitting pastime.
‐ Though I agree, I suspect
Sesshomaru's true intention
is to take care
of his daughters.
‐ But what you suggest
is impossible.
Something like that would
almost make him seem human.
‐ That is true.
‐ OK. See you.
And good luck beating
that mean ol' demon lady.
[both grunt]
‐ [gasps]
‐ In all my years on this world
and all the opponents
I have faced,
you are by far the most
perplexing of them all.
You are
one truly peculiar girl.
‐ Is that so? Thanks.
I'll be taking that
as a compliment!
‐ Show your strength,
and reveal to me
your hidden demon powers
so I may judge your
latent abilities for myself.
‐ I knew you'd be here.
Your scent really gave away
your connection to Kirinmaru.
‐ Would you please
do me the honor of a battle?
‐ But am I the one you want?
Isn't Towa
who you're really after?
‐ You've stricken me
right where it hurts!
‐ Cyclone Burst!
[gasps]
Scourge of Swallows!
‐ [scoffs]
‐ Hmph.
‐ [yelps]
‐ [laughs]
[gasps]
‐ [snarl]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Crimson Dragon Wave!
[dragon roars]
Have another!
[laughs] Uh...
‐ So you've come
to return the favor, have you?
I like you,
Half‐Demon Princesses!
Azusa no Yumihari!
‐ [laughs]
I already know
how your attack works.
Nothing can save you now!
You're going down!
‐ [scoffs]
Didn't I teach you last time
how your Crimson Dragon
doesn't work on me?
Crimson Dragons
favor white clouds!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ I know,
which is why...
I borrowed this fancy umbrella
from Towa!
‐ Well, then...
‐ [laughs]
Now this is what
I was really waiting for!
‐ Crimson Backlash Wave!
‐ [dragon roars]
‐ Impossible.
‐ [animal howls]
‐ [gasps]
Eh?
What the hell was that?
‐ That could only
have been one thing,
the Master's ashes.
‐ When'd you get here,
Grandpa Myoga?
‐ What are you talking about?
Why, I never left.
I haven't abandoned
your side once, Lady Moroha!
‐ Uh‐huh. Whatever.
Wait a sec.
When you say, "Master,"
are you talking about Grandpa,
the Great Dog‐Demon?
‐ That's right.
This is the place
where the Master
met his untimely end,
so it wouldn't surprise me
if Master's essence
seeped into the dirt
and imbued the land
with his demon powers.
‐ Oh.
‐ Lady Moroha, the Backlash Wave
was originally
Tessaiga's technique.
It was something
your grandfather developed.
With that in mind,
it only makes sense
that the Master's ashes
could easily be used
to cancel out the reversed flow
of demon energy.
‐ Then what the hell
am I supposed to do?
Ah, forget it!
Sometimes you just
gotta roll with the punches!
‐ It would appear...
that we've been surrounded.
‐ At the very least,
you should be able to get away.
‐ I would never do
such a heartless thing, Madam.
I'll stay by you.
‐ Did you say, "Madam"? Wait.
You mean to tell me that Zero's
the one who looked after you?
‐ Yes, the one and only.
‐ [gasps]
‐ You were right, Setsuna.
Handing over the Silver Pearl
was a bad idea.
‐ If that's the case,
we can probably assume
that you're both in league
with Kirinmaru.
‐ Well, I can neither
confirm nor deny that.
‐ Lady Moroha,
You can't just go have a battle
where Master passed away.
It's out of the question!
I strongly advise you
to withdraw!
‐ Look, I totally get
why you don't want us
to fight where our grandpa died,
‐ but here's the thing...
‐ What is it?
‐ I don't give a crap
about any of that right now!
We're not backing down
from a fight we could win!
‐ Of all the‐‐
You have some nerve,
being so disrespectful
to your grandfather!
Why do I even bother?
‐ And off he goes.
‐ Return the Silver Pearl
you took from Towa,
or we will be forced
to take it from you.
‐ [chuckles]
Go and do as she says, Riku.
‐ Are you serious?
You must be joking, Madam.
I went through so much trouble
to finally gather
all the Rainbow Pearls here.
‐ What?
‐ [chuckles]
‐ [gasps]
‐ You've managed to gather
all of the Pearls?
The Silver Pearl
isn't the only one
you took into your possession?
‐ Correct. I have five of them
here on me right now.
That's not including
the Gold Pearl
in Setsuna's right eye
and the Red Pearl
that lies in Moroha's rouge.
‐ How humiliating.
For my tears to return to me
on such hallowed ground
at the very place where
the Great Dog‐Demon met his end.
Fate has a way
of playing cruel tricks.
‐ Sorry, Madam. I was
meaning to hand them to you
once I had them all, but...
‐ Riku, you fool!
‐ [gasps]
‐ How dare you?
How dare you bring those Pearls
anywhere near me?
You want to return
those Pearls, do you?
Then I will show you the power
of their rightful owner!
‐ [gasping]
‐ [gasps]
[heart beats]
‐ [winces]
‐ Setsuna!
As soon as the Gold Pearl
flew out of her eye,
the Blood Blade
started acting up!
‐ No one makes me their fool!
‐ [yelps]
SETSUNA: That's enough!
[yells]
[pinwheel clacking]
‐ Lord Sesshomaru,
the pinwheel just now,
could it be...
‐ There's no mistaking it.
That's definitely Akuru.
‐ Uh...
w‐will you not give chase?
Lord Sesshomaru, wait!
‐ [wood creaking]
[heavy clunk]
[waves lapping]
‐ The Windmill of Time
has turned.
[tranquil music playing]
‐ RIKU: Madam.
‐ [ragged breathing]
‐ Madam!
No, you can't die, Madam!
Please!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [gasps] Rin?
Zero must be dying.
Who's responsible for this?
‐ So this is it, the Underworld.
I see.
‐ Oh, Zero.
Were you planning to pass
without even a greeting?
But I suppose we were
never really that close.
So age
has finally gotten to you?
How very auspicious.
‐ Actually,
it was Sesshomaru's daughter
who cut my life short.
‐ [laughs]
Oh, that is hilarious.
‐ Do you consider my death
to be but a joke?
‐ Your fruitless efforts got you
so wound up over those girls.
That's what you get
for your needless meddling.
‐ You may be right
on that account.
Regardless,
I'm feeling much better now.
And do you know why?
Because I have succeeded
in making Sesshomaru
feel downright miserable.
‐ Is that so?
‐ Remember the human woman that
Sesshomaru took as his wife?
Well, I placed
a severance spell on her
so if my life were to end,
then hers would end as well.
‐ [scoffs]
‐ I couldn't ask
for a better parting gift.
I'm certain it won't be long
before she passes
this way herself.
Tell me, When Izayoi
passed through here
all those years ago,
how did you feel, hmm?
Let me guess.
You had the same sense
of satisfaction
that I'm feeling now.
Didn't your heart just dance?
‐ [sighs]
‐ Izayoi led him
to his death, after all.
You couldn't help
but feel disdain.
‐ Such vulgarity.
‐ That's not
the answer I was hoping for.
In my final moments,
could you at the very least
show me some candor?
Consider it an offering
to the woman who wasn't chosen
by the Great Dog‐Demon.
I haven't
the faintest interest in humans,
and that's the last
I care to say about that
to the likes of you.
‐ Is that so?
‐ There is nothing else
I can offer you.
But, Zero, what was it
that you hoped to accomplish?
‐ I simply wanted
to protect Kirinmaru
from humans and half‐demons.
‐ [laughs]
Weren't you the one
telling me to show some candor?
‐ Always talking down as if you
can see through everything.
I never liked that about you.
‐ I shall take that
as the highest compliment.
‐ I hate humans and half‐demons,
that's all.
Especially those half‐breed pups
who have done nothing more
than inherit
the Great Dog‐Demon's blood.
‐ Ah, so it was jealousy.
How incredibly
and utterly human of you.
‐ Did you say, "Human"?
[sputters]
You dare call me that?!
‐ Madam, no!
‐ [gasping]
‐ [both gasp]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Hey, is that...
‐ Sesshomaru.
‐ Tell me. Why didn't you use
your own blade on Zero?
‐ But this is
what I used to cut her with.
Are you saying
this isn't my own blade?
[tense music playing]
[creatures growling]
‐ Nothing about me
is remotely like a human!
‐ Oh, how pitiful.
Look where your desire for love
has led you.
‐ [grunts]
‐ [creatures scream]
‐ Did he cut something
just now?
‐ [gasps]
‐ She came back to life?
‐ That one was
too close for comfort, Rin.
‐ Impossible! I killed her.
How is she alive?!
‐ It's the Tenseiga!
I've only
heard rumors about it.
‐ The Tenseiga?
‐ I don't exactly
know the details,
but Sesshomaru's Tenseiga
is said to be a healing sword,
one that can save
the lives of the weak.
‐ So that's how Zero
was brought back from the dead.
ZERO: Curses! It was you!
Sesshomaru!
No! Don't you dare tell me
you used the Tenseiga
to bring me back to life.
Sesshomaru, I will
never forgive you for this.
Reviving me using his fang,
of all things!
How could you do
something so abhorrent?!
Just knowing is sheer torture!
‐ I could not think
of another way.
‐ [shuddering]
‐ Please, Madam, calm yourself.
[energy surges]
[dramatic music playing]
TOWA:
Living in this world is hard.
If you don't live by the rules,
you end up
getting treated as an outcast.
I got so sick and tired
of everyone else's ideals
in the other world.
‐ You ruined everything!
‐ Zero's probably going through
the same emotions now
that I was going through
back then.
‐ I'll make you pay
for what you did!
‐ Tenseiga.
‐ What a fool I was
to lose sight of myself.
Until now, my intention
was to allow Kirinmaru
the pleasure of disposing
of your daughters.
But now that you've brought me
to my breaking point,
I've changed my mind.
I'll deal with your irritating
little whelps myself!
I will falter no more!
Nothing will stop me
from being who I am.
Riku, bring me
the Rainbow Pearls
so I may subjugate them
with my demon powers.
‐ Wait, Madam!
Please, I beg you!
[all gasp]
‐ Kirinmaru?
‐ Should have known
he'd show up at some point.
‐ [chuckles] Well, that explains
why Grandpa Myoga
decided to make a run for it.
‐ [growls]
[Japanese music playing]
[rain pattering]
[no audible dialogue]
TOWA: Next time on Yashahime,
the season finale.
SETSUNA:
"Sesshomaru's Daughter."